README - Requesting new interactive resources

This folder is where requests for new resources can be added.
Resources should be developed around a single paper or book chapter, and should
follow the following structure:

- Preparatory reading: usually the paper or book chapter
- Introduction/Rationale: what is the research and why is it important to social work
- Summary of the research: An accessible summary of the research paper (not replicating
  the content of the journal article), including references to other work.
- A brief video or set of videos (10-20 minutes each) explaining the topic, ideally in a
  dialogical way (e.g. you explaining the research to someone else, a student, another
  lecturer, or a practitioner)
- A set of 2 or 3 exercises for students to complete
- A few bullet points of what they have learned and how it can be applied to practice

Each interactive resource will have its own padlet discussion board. Interactive resources
can be used as a standalone activity, as part of a lecture, or as preparatory work prior
to a seminar for discussion.

The minimum amount of information you need to supply is the material the topic will be based
on, e.g. the journal article or book chapter. Calum will attempt to write all of the 
content above on the basis of this material, however, the more information you can give the
quicker the material can be produced. With this said, please do not just pile a load of
unorganised materials into a folder - provide additional details/requests through a 
separate document that outlines what you want from the list above. The final interactive
document must be approved by you.

###### IMPORTANT: How to request a new resource ##########
To request a new resource create a new folder in this file (requested_resources) with at
least the journal article or book chapter (as a pdf) included. Include any specific requests
or content you want included in a separate document in the same file. Please also make it
clear who is requesting the resource so it can be checked.
